# Future Basketball Trials

It is 3013 and IIIT Hyderabad is currently ranked 3rd by NIRF, only behind VIT and MIT (the Moneypal one). While research students continue to struggle with the lack-luster compute since the college still provides the same ADA access, it does have state-of-the-art facilities when it comes to other departments, including music, sports and gaming. Another thing that remains the same in IIIT is the sports credit policy and the daily drill - Ragajanu Sir ensures that the students do two rounds each of walking and jogging, followed by exercises before they can play their respective sport, which can be anything ranging from curveball to quidditch.

The college basketball team have their trials tomorrow and the competition this time is wild since there is only one remaining slot. After all, the team already features players like Bron Antetokounmpo and Victor Curry, though they always reach the finals of every tournament and then end up losing. Ragajanu Sir feels that the primary issue with the team is the lack of athletic players who can jump very well. So, for the basketball team trials, the participants will have to go from the roof of building $x$ to building $y$ in the Research Street by jumping across buildings. One can only jump from the roof of a particular building $i$ to another building $j$ if buildings $i$ and $j$ are higher than all the buildings between them.

Given the distance between any two buildings $i$ and $j$ is defined as $j-i+1$, help Ragajanu Sir in devising the trials by finding the sum of distances between all pairs of locations $(x,y)$ such that it is possible to go from roof from building $x$ to building $y$ in the manner he has proposed.

## I/O Format

$n$ → number of buildings

$h_i$ → height of building $i$

### Input

```
n
h_1 h_2 ... h_n
```

### Output

```
d
```

$d$ → the required answer i.e sum of distances between all pairs of locations such that it is possible to go from roof from building $x$ to building $y$

## Constraints

The heights of the buildings are always distinct

$1 \leq h_i \leq 10^9$

**Subtask 1 (50 marks)**

$1 \leq n \leq 10^3$

**Subtask 2 (100 marks)**

$1 \leq n \leq 10^5$

## Sample test case

### Input

```
7
4 3 1 2 5 6 7
```

### Output

```
24
```

### Explanation

The pairs of required locations are $(1, 2),(1, 5),(2, 3),(2, 4),(2, 5),(3, 4),(4, 5),(5, 6),(6, 7)$ and the respective distances are $2, 5, 2, 3, 4, 2, 2, 2, 2$.