# Sandwich Splitting

## Problem Statement

Lukarp has a sandwich of length n. For each unit length of the sandwich, there is a topping of type 'A' or type 'B'. The toppings are described by a string s, if s_i is 'A' then the ith topping is of type 'A'. Now, Lukarp's friends also want to taste the sandwich. However they will only eat the sandwich if the ratio of both types of toppings is the same for all. Lukarp can split the sandwich into contiguous pieces of size atleast 1, and give each piece to a friend. 

You need to tell Lukarp what is the maximum number of pieces he can split the sandwich into. Moreover you need to tell him the answer for every prefix of the sandwich, so that he can keep the rest of it.

Formally, you need to partition the string into several substrings such that the number of parts is maximised and each partition has same ratio of 'A' to 'B'.

Note: string can't be rearranged, and partitions can't leave out any letters, each letter should belong to exactly **one continuous partition**.

## Constraints

**Subtask 1 (50 marks)**

$1 \leq n \leq 1e4$

**Subtask 2 (150 marks)**

$1 \leq n \leq 2e5$

**n** is length of the string s for each testcases.

**s** consists of only **'A'** or **'B'**.

## Input format

You will be given n in the first line, then the string s in the next line.

## Output format

Output the answer. In one line output n integers, each being the answer for the ith prefix of s.

## Sample :

Input 1
```
3
AAB
```

Output 1
```
1 2 1
```

Input 2
```
6
AAAAAA
```

Output 2
```
1 2 3 4 5 6
```

Input 3
```
9
ABABAAAAB
```

Output 3
```
1 1 1 2 1 2 1 1 3
```

## Explanation

For sample 1, the string is `AAB`, for the 1st prefix, we can only have 1 partition (as length is 1). For prefix `AA` we can partition into `A` and `A`, so answer is 2. For 3rd prefix `AAB`, we can't partition it into 2 or more substrings such that both have `B`, hence answer is 1.

For sample 2, for each prefix you can split it into several substrings `A`. Hence the ith prefix has answer i.