# Linked List Help

<!--# Problem Statement-->

<!----------------------->

Gaurav is building a tutorial to help the students to understand linked lists. He is designing a command line interface in order to help students build a linked list from scratch and perform basic operations on it. Can you help Gaurav?

## Formal Statement

<!----------------------->

You have to implement the linked list ADT with `q` queries. Each query is represented by two numbers `p` and `k` where `p` denotes the operation number and `k` is the number to be inserted or deleted. Note that `k` will only be provided if it is needed in the operation and it is always **non-negative**.

- If `p` is 1, insert the number `k` at the beginning of the linked list and print it's value.
- if `p` is 2, insert the number `k` at the end of the linked list and print it's value.
- If `p` is 3, delete the first node from the linked list and print its value. If the linked list is empty, ignore the operation and print -1.
- If `p` is 4, delete the last node from the linked list and print its value. If the linked list is empty, ignore the operation and print -1.
- If `p` is 5, print the size of the linked list.

Assume that the initial length of the linked list is 0.

**Please note that you have to implement the Singly Linked List ADT and use that for the question. Any implementations using an array will be given a straight 0.**

### Input Format

<!----------------------->

Each test case consists of `q` queries. The description of the test cases is as follows.

- The first line of each test case will contain one integer `q` representing the number of queries.
- There are `q` lines each with an operation number `p` and a number `k` is provided if the operation is insertion.

### Output Format

<!----------------------->

The output should be the returned values.

## Sample Test Case

<!----------------------->

### Input

```
11
1 2
1 3
2 5
2 10
5
4
3
4
3
4
5
```

### Output

```
2
3
5
10
4
10
3
5
2
-1
0
```

## Explanation

<!----------------------->

The linked list and its length at each test case are as follows, assuming it is empty initially i.e. `{}`

```
2 is added in the front ---> {2}
3 is added in the front ---> {3,2}
5 is added in the last  ---> {3,2,5}
10 is added in the last ---> {3,2,5,10}
Size of the array is 4
Delete from the last, hence 10 is removed ---> {3,2,5}
Delete from the front, hence 3 is removed ---> {2,5}
Delete from the last, hence 5 is removed  ---> {2}
Delete from the front, hence 2 is removed -->  {}
Delete from the last but the list is empty, hence -1
Size of the linked list is 0
```

## Constraints

<!----------------------->

<!-- - $(1\leq q \leq 100) -->

- $1 \leq n, m \leq 100$

- The value in the linked list is always non-negative.
