## Problem Statement:
You are given an array of positive integers and a target sum. Construct a binary search tree (BST) by inserting the array elements in the order they appear. Determine if there exists a ***Friendly path*** in the constructed BST such that the sum of numbers along the path equals the target sum.

## Friendly Path: 
Any path from the root of a BST to any of its leaf nodes is called a friendly path. [Note: A leaf node is a node that has no children.]

## Input Format:
- The first line contains two space-separated integers: $n$ - the total number of elements in the array, and $sum$ - the target sum.
- The second line contains $n$ space-separated positive integers representing the elements of the array.

## Output Format:
- Print $1$ if there exists **at least one** friendly path in the constructed BST such that the sum of numbers along the path equals the target sum, otherwise print $0$.

## Example 1:
### Input:
```
5 12
5 3 10 1 4
```
### Output:
```
1
```
### Explanation:
The given array is $[5, 3, 10, 1, 4]$. The binary search tree constructed from this array would look like:

```
       5
      / \
     3   10
    / \
   1   4
```
There exists a friendly path $(5 \rightarrow 3 \rightarrow 4)$ whose sum equals the target sum $12$.

## Example 2:
### Input:
```
5 13
5 3 10 1 4
```
### Output:
```
0
```
### Explanation:
The given array is $[5, 3, 10, 1, 4]$. The binary search tree constructed from this array would look like:

```
       5
      / \
     3   10
    / \
   1   4
```
There exists a no friendly path! $(5 \rightarrow 3 \rightarrow 4)$ whose sum equals the target sum $12$.
We know this because we can iterate through all friendly paths:
- $(5 \rightarrow 3 \rightarrow 4) \sim 5+3+4 = 12 \neq 13$
- $(5 \rightarrow 3 \rightarrow 1) \sim 5+3+1 = 9 \neq 13$
- $(5 \rightarrow 10) \sim 5 + 10 = 15 \neq 13$

## Constraints:
- $1 <= n <= 10^5$ (number of elements in the array)
- $1 <= sum <= 10^9$ (target sum)
- Each element in the array is unique and fits in a 32-bit signed integer.