# Queue Help

<!-- # Problem Statement -->

<!----------------------->

Prakul has a queue of assignments that he needs to complete. He wants to keep track of all of them. However, he is unable to implement the data structure in code. Can you please help him with this?

# Formal Statement

<!----------------------->

The task is to create a Queue data structure, on which you can perform the operations - Enqueue, Dequeue and Read from Front

You will be asked a series of queries, depending on which you have to perform the respective operation on the queue.

**Note: You are allowed to use Arrays to implement the data structure, if you wish to do so**

### Input Format

<!----------------------->

The first line of input contains an integer `q` denoting the number of queries.

The next `q` lines will contain one of the following three queries:

- `1` `x` &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;(Enqueue integer `x` into the queue)
- `2` &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; (Dequeue from the queue)
- `3` &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; (Print the front of the queue)

In case query 2 is performed on an empty queue, do nothing.

In case query 3 is performed on an empty queue, print `-1`

### Output Format

<!----------------------->

Query 1 and 2 require no output.

For each query of type 3, print the front element of the queue in a new line. (If the queue is empty, print `-1`)

## Constraints

<!----------------------->

$1 \leq q \leq 1000000$

$0 \leq x \leq 1000$

## Sample Test Case 0:

### Input:

```
5
1 1
1 2
1 3
2
3
```

### Output:

```
2
```

### Explanation:

1, 2 and 3 are added in order to give [1, 2, 3]. Then, 1 is removed to give [2, 3]. Therefore the Front printed is 2.

## Sample Test Case 1:

### Input:

```
10
1 100
1 200
3
2
2
2
3
1 400
1 100
3
```

### Output:

```
100
-1
400
```

### Explanation:

100 and 200 are added in order to give [100, 200]. Front is 100. Then we remove both the elements. The third Query 2 does nothing. Then we try to print from an empty queue, hence it outputs -1. Finally we add 400 and 100 to give [400, 100], with 400 as front.
