# bbMINstant machine

<!-- # Problem Statement -->

<!----------------------->

Arnav likes to buy stuff from the BBInstant vending machine. However, he will buy only the cheapest item present. Everyday some items are removed from the vending machine, and some new ones are added.

Arnav is always in a hurry and can't waste time trying to find the least cost item. Can you help him quickly find it?

## Formal Statement

<!----------------------->

Initially you have an empty list `a`. This list will be storing integers. Insertion of integers into this list happens only at the end (right side of the list). Similarly, removal of integers also happens from the end.

For this task, you will be given a series of queries which are to be performed on this list `a` that you have. There are three types of queries:

1. The first type inserts integers at the end of the list you have so far.

2. The second type removes integers from the end of the list.

3. The third type asks you to tell the minimum integer that you have in your current list.

The second and third queries will **not** be asked on an empty list.

** Note: You are allowed to use Arrays to implement the data structure required for this, if you wish to do so **

### Input Format

<!----------------------->

The first line of input contains an integer `q` denoting the number of queries.

The next `q` lines will contain one of the following three queries:

- `1` `x` &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;(Insert integer `x` at the end of your list)
- `2` &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; (Remove the integer at the end of your list)
- `3` &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; (Print the minimum integer in the current list)

### Output Format

<!----------------------->

Query 1 and 2 require no output.

For each query of type 3, print the **minimum** integer in the list you have so far, on a new line.

## Constraints

<!----------------------->

$1 \leq q \leq 500000$

$-1000000000 \leq x \leq 1000000000$

## Sample Test Case 0:

<!-- ------------ -->

### Input:

<!-- ------------ -->

```
8
1 4
1 1
3
1 2
3
2
2
3
```

### Output:

<!-- ------------ -->

```
1
1
4
```

### Explanation:

<!-- ------------ -->

The list after the first two insertions looks like [4, 1]. Hence the minimum is 1.

Then after adding 2, the list looks like [4, 1, 2]. The minimum is still 1.

Finally, after removing two integers from the end, we are only left with 4. Therefore the minimum is 4.

## Sample Test Case 1:

<!-- ------------ -->

### Input:

<!-- ------------ -->

```
7
1 3
1 -2
1 0
1 -2
3
2
3
```

### Output:

<!-- ------------ -->

```
-2
-2
```

### Explanation:

<!-- ------------ -->

After the initial insertions, the list is [3, -2, 0, -2]. Therefore the minimum integer is -2.

Then, the last integer is removed, giving [3, -2, 0] as the list. The minimum integer in this is also -2.
