# The Very, Very, Very Greatest

<!-- # Problem Statement -->

<!----------------------->

Luffy wishes to be the Pirate King. Hence he and his crew declare with unyielding resolve: 'No one shall stand taller than us on the seas we conquer!'. No one should have a greater value than them if they come after them.

## Formal Statement

<!----------------------->

Let us assume you have a list `a` of integers. A '_special_' integer in this list is defined as -> an integer such that every integer to its right in the list is **strictly** smaller than it. <br>
More formally, in the list `a` of size `n`, if `a[i] > a[j]` for all `j > i`, `1 \leq i,j \leq n`, then `a[i]` is a _special_ integer.

For the actual task, you will be given a series of queries which are to be performed on the same list of integers. They will be of two types:

1. The first type inserts integers at the end of the list you have so far.

2. The second type asks you to tell the number of _special_ integers in the list so far.

Initially you will have no integers, that is, the list is initially empty and has 0 _special_ integers.

The last element of the list is always _special_, as there is no element to its right.

** Note: You are allowed to use Arrays to implement the data structure required for this, if you wish to do so **

### Input Format

<!----------------------->

The first line of input contains an integer `q` denoting the number of queries.

The next `q` lines will contain one of the following two queries:

- `1` `x` &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;(Insert integer `x` at the end of your list)
- `2` &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; (Print the total number of _special_ integers in the list)

### Output Format

<!----------------------->

Query 1 requires no output.

For each query of type 2, print the total number of _special_ integers in the list you have so far, on a new line.

## Constraints

<!----------------------->

$1 \leq q \leq 200000$

$-1000000000 \leq x \leq 1000000000$

## Sample Test Case 0:

### Input:

```
5
1 4
1 3
1 1
1 2
2
```

### Output:

```
3
```

### Explanation:

The list after all the initial insertions looks like [4, 3, 1, 2]

The integers 4, 3 and 2 are _special_. Hence the total number of _special_ integers is 3.

## Sample Test Case 1:

### Input:

```
9
1 1000000000
1 700000
1 -1000000000
2
1 900000
2
1 800000
1 800000
2
```

### Output:

```
3
2
3
```

### Explanation:

After the first three numbers are added, there are 3 _special_ numbers: 1000000000, 700000 and -1000000000

After 900000 is added, there are only 2 _special_ numbers left: 1000000000 and 900000

Lastly, when both the 800000s are added, only the last one counts as a _special_ number as we check for strict inequality. Therefore we are left with 3 _special_ numbers.
